Mpox | Mpox | CDC Skip directly to site content Skip directly to search An official website of the United States government Here's how you know Official websites use .gov A .gov website belongs to an official government organization in the United States. Secure .gov websites use HTTPS A lock ( ) or https:// means you've safely connected to the .gov website. Share sensitive information only on official, secure websites. Mpox Search Search Current Situation U.S. Case Data: Clade II Mpox About Signs and Symptoms Outbreaks How It Spreads Prevention Vaccines View All search close search search Mpox Menu search For Everyone Current Situation U.S. Case Data: Clade II Mpox About Signs and Symptoms Outbreaks How It Spreads Prevention Vaccines View All Home Health Care Providers Case Definitions Clinical Overview Clinical Features Vaccine for Mpox Prevention in the U.S. Diagnostic Testing Clinical Care Infection Control Guidance Laboratory Information View All Public Health Case Reporting Monitoring and Risk Assessment Guidance for Health Departments Mpox Science Agenda and Research Communication and Social Media Resources View All View All Mpox Current Situation U.S. Case Data: Clade II Mpox About Signs and Symptoms Outbreaks How It Spreads Prevention Vaccines View All Mpox Current Situation Learn about the current mpox situation around the world Learn More Dec. 11, 2024 How It Spreads Mpox mainly spreads through close contact with an infected person Signs and Symptoms Learn the signs and symptoms of mpox, such as a new or unexplained rash Vaccines Learn who should be vaccinated against mpox, how the vaccine is given, and where to find it For Professionals Clinical Overview Evaluating, testing, and managing patients with mpox Dec. 11, 2024 Guidance for Health Departments Strategies for U.S. health departments to manage mpox, including vaccination Dec. 5, 2024 Laboratory Information Information for laboratory personnel on testing and procedures for mpox Sept. 13, 2024 Feature